README.md, before:

# Community Contacts

Many people have been reaching out via twitter DM to see how to replicate the success of BitcoinBeach (more background [here](https://twitter.com/nicolasburtey/status/1404018685895970822))
For better coordination here are a list of people you can contact that are making an effort in various regions.

Also feel free to [join our community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/galoymoney-workspace/shared_invite/zt-rvnhsdb5-72AZCD_jzw6_Q05aCs0SgA) to discuss on a dedicated channel.

**If you want to add yourself here please open a PR to this repo.** If your country is not present in the list then please add it in the right alphabetical order. Flag image is not mandatory but if required it can be downloaded from [https://flagpedia.net/download/icons](https://flagpedia.net/download/icons) , we use the **Small waving icons** in `40x30 px `size.

## 🌎 Global Coordinators

#### People who want to help and support anywhere in the world without a focus on any particular geographic area.

[@Ali_Meer_](https://twitter.com/Ali_Meer_) - Technology and Education support for Bitcoin adoption anywhere in the world
[@MansoldoMartino](https://twitter.com/MansoldoMartino)
[@CntmplteitAll](https://twitter.com/CntmplteitAll)

## Country Specific Coordinators

#### People who want to help and support in a particular local area or country.

### <img src="images/flags/ar.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Argentina

[@lucasabi](https://twitter.com/lucasabi)

### <img src="images/flags/bb.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Barbados

[@SATISHfaction](https://twitter.com/SATISHfaction)

### <img src="images/flags/bj.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Benin republic

[@wale_dprinx](https://twitter.com/wale_dprinx)

### <img src="images/flags/co.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Colombia

[@Javier503507](https://twitter.com/Javier503507)

### <img src="images/flags/cr.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Costa Rica

[@michael09850542](https://twitter.com/michael09850542)
[@kawalgrover](https://twitter.com/kawalgrover)

### <img src="images/flags/cu.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Cuba

[@SalamiHidden](https://twitter.com/SalamiHidden)

### <img src="images/flags/cy.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Cyprus

[@0xMike7](https://twitter.com/0xMike7)

### <img src="images/flags/ec.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Ecuador

[@latiencia](https://twitter.com/latiencia)

### <img src="images/flags/gh.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Ghana

[@nba_vybes](https://twitter.com/nba_vybes)

### <img src="images/flags/gr.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Greece

[@btc_urgency](https://twitter.com/btc_urgency)

### <img src="images/flags/gt.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Guatemalan

[@carlostoriello](https://twitter.com/carlostoriello)

### <img src="images/flags/lb.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Lebanon

[@dyermaker](https://twitter.com/dyermaker)

### <img src="images/flags/my.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Malaysia

[@KZLi10](https://twitter.com/KZLi10)

### <img src="images/flags/mc.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Morocco

[@BoutainaAli](https://twitter.com/BoutainaAli)

[@jawad_bajjou](https://twitter.com/jawad_bajjou)

### <img src="images/flags/mm.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Myanmar

[@_jcdk](https://twitter.com/_jcdk)

### <img src="images/flags/ng.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Nigeria
[@olajide09](https://twitter.com/olajide09)

### <img src="images/flags/ph.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Philippines

[@JohnnyScarcity](https://twitter.com/JohnnyScarcity)
[@Stratechi1](https://twitter.com/Stratechi1)
[@bobbydazzzzzler](https://twitter.com/bobbydazzzzzler)
[@jeo_10](https://twitter.com/jeo_10)
[@21MBitcoinHero](https://twitter.com/21MBitcoinHero)

### <img src="images/flags/pr.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Puerto Rico

[@Experibot2](https://twitter.com/Experibot2)

### <img src="images/flags/sn.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Sénégal
[@diopfode](https://twitter.com/diopfode)
[@tkanet](https://twitter.com/tkanet)
[@emaribeyodn](https://twitter.com/emaribeyodn)

### <img src="images/flags/za.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> South Africa

[@hatespoverty](https://twitter.com/hatespoverty)
[@dzar_201](https://twitter.com/dzar_201)
[@CuriousMuadib](https://twitter.com/CuriousMuadib)

### <img src="images/flags/lk.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Sri Lanka

[@SL_BTC](https://twitter.com/SL_BTC)
[@Excesscapacity](https://twitter.com/Excesscapacity)

### <img src="images/flags/uy.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Uruguay

[@jmbushwrites](https://twitter.com/jmbushwrites)

### <img src="images/flags/vn.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Vietnam
[@neutronpay](https://twitter.com/neutronpay)
[@DominikWeil](https://twitter.com/DominikWeil)
[@BitcoinSaigon](https://twitter.com/BitcoinSaigon)

### <img src="images/flags/zw.png" style="zoom:80%;" /> Zimbabwe

[@Simba_Manyeruke](https://twitter.com/Simba_Manyeruke)
[@KumbaResources](https://twitter.com/KumbaResources)

Commit message:

replacing all flags with unicode characters

README.md, after:

# Community Contacts

Many people have been reaching out via twitter DM to see how to replicate the success of BitcoinBeach (more background [here](https://twitter.com/nicolasburtey/status/1404018685895970822))
For better coordination here are a list of people you can contact that are making an effort in various regions.

Also feel free to [join our community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/galoymoney-workspace/shared_invite/zt-rvnhsdb5-72AZCD_jzw6_Q05aCs0SgA) to discuss on a dedicated channel.

**If you want to add yourself here please open a PR to this repo.** If your country is not present in the list then please add it in the right alphabetical order. Adding flags is not mandatory, but can be added by using flag unicode character(lookup country unicode from https://flagpedia.net/emoji)

## 🌎 Global Coordinators

#### People who want to help and support anywhere in the world without a focus on any particular geographic area.

[@Ali_Meer_](https://twitter.com/Ali_Meer_) - Technology and Education support for Bitcoin adoption anywhere in the world
[@MansoldoMartino](https://twitter.com/MansoldoMartino)
[@CntmplteitAll](https://twitter.com/CntmplteitAll)

## Country Specific Coordinators

#### People who want to help and support in a particular local area or country.

### 🇦🇷 Argentina

[@lucasabi](https://twitter.com/lucasabi)

### 🇧🇧 Barbados

[@SATISHfaction](https://twitter.com/SATISHfaction)

### 🇧🇯 Benin republic

[@wale_dprinx](https://twitter.com/wale_dprinx)

### 🇨🇴 Colombia

[@Javier503507](https://twitter.com/Javier503507)

### 🇨🇷 Costa Rica

[@michael09850542](https://twitter.com/michael09850542)
[@kawalgrover](https://twitter.com/kawalgrover)

### 🇨🇺 Cuba

[@SalamiHidden](https://twitter.com/SalamiHidden)

### 🇨🇾 Cyprus

[@0xMike7](https://twitter.com/0xMike7)

### 🇪🇨 Ecuador

[@latiencia](https://twitter.com/latiencia)

### 🇬🇭 Ghana

[@nba_vybes](https://twitter.com/nba_vybes)

### 🇬🇷 Greece

[@btc_urgency](https://twitter.com/btc_urgency)

### 🇬🇹 Guatemalan

[@carlostoriello](https://twitter.com/carlostoriello)

### 🇱🇧 Lebanon

[@dyermaker](https://twitter.com/dyermaker)

### 🇲🇾 Malaysia

[@KZLi10](https://twitter.com/KZLi10)

### 🇲🇦 Morocco

[@BoutainaAli](https://twitter.com/BoutainaAli)

[@jawad_bajjou](https://twitter.com/jawad_bajjou)

### 🇲🇲 Myanmar

[@_jcdk](https://twitter.com/_jcdk)

### 🇳🇬 Nigeria
[@olajide09](https://twitter.com/olajide09)

### 🇵🇭 Philippines

[@JohnnyScarcity](https://twitter.com/JohnnyScarcity)
[@Stratechi1](https://twitter.com/Stratechi1)
[@bobbydazzzzzler](https://twitter.com/bobbydazzzzzler)
[@jeo_10](https://twitter.com/jeo_10)
[@21MBitcoinHero](https://twitter.com/21MBitcoinHero)

### 🇵🇷 Puerto Rico

[@Experibot2](https://twitter.com/Experibot2)

### 🇸🇳 Sénégal
[@diopfode](https://twitter.com/diopfode)
[@tkanet](https://twitter.com/tkanet)
[@emaribeyodn](https://twitter.com/emaribeyodn)

### 🇿🇦 South Africa

[@hatespoverty](https://twitter.com/hatespoverty)
[@dzar_201](https://twitter.com/dzar_201)
[@CuriousMuadib](https://twitter.com/CuriousMuadib)

### 🇱🇰 Sri Lanka

[@SL_BTC](https://twitter.com/SL_BTC)
[@Excesscapacity](https://twitter.com/Excesscapacity)

### 🇺🇾 Uruguay

[@jmbushwrites](https://twitter.com/jmbushwrites)

### 🇻🇳 Vietnam
[@neutronpay](https://twitter.com/neutronpay)
[@DominikWeil](https://twitter.com/DominikWeil)
[@BitcoinSaigon](https://twitter.com/BitcoinSaigon)

### 🇿🇼 Zimbabwe

[@Simba_Manyeruke](https://twitter.com/Simba_Manyeruke)
[@KumbaResources](https://twitter.com/KumbaResources)
